there's another new scandal on our
president's plate last week
we learned that trump ordered his then
chief of staff john kelly
to give top-level security clearance to
his son-in-law jared kushner even though
intelligence officials were against it
now we learned
he also ordered john kelly to give
security clearance to ivanka
and when kelly refused trump issued the
security clearances
himself this is turning into the longest
take your daughter to work day ever it
really is
one of the reasons the officials didn't
want to give jared kushner
security clearance because his father is
a criminal who committed tax evasion and
tampered
with witnesses and that's the same
reason they didn't want to give ivanka
clearance too but
this seems unfair because without
security clearance how will ivanka be
expected to do whatever the hell is she
does
all day but can you imagine being john
kelly in this situation being asked to
grant the president's daughter and
son-in-law
top-level security clearance he probably
said mr president with all due respect
we didn't even want to give that
security clearance to you
this is pretty great you remember last
year trump had the you probably don't
but trump had the ceo
of lockheed martin in his office her
name's marilyn houston he
he accidentally instead of marilyn
houston he called her marilyn lockheed
because she works for la well i'll
refresh you if you don't remember
i may ask marilyn lockheed
the leading woman's business
executive in this country according to
many yeah she's just chewing on her
tongue back there so
trump held the meaning of the american
workforce policy advisory board today
with the ceo of
apple tim cook one of the most famous
businessmen
in all the world and guess what he
called tim cook
tim you're expanding all over and doing
things that i really wanted to do right
from the beginning i used to say tim
you got to start doing it over here and
you really have i mean you've really
put a big investment in our country we
appreciate it very much tim apple
how's your daughter fiona doing tim is
that
oh look who else we have here craig
costco how are those hot dogs selling
he got confused after meeting ronald
mcdonald last week and
today in washington was day four the
michael cohen tells all special
one of the areas of interest in this
cohen testimony was his claim
that one of the many weird things trump
ordered him to do was to send letters
warning trump's high school colleges and
the college board
not to release his grades or s.a.t
scores
in 2011 he trump challenged president
obama
to release his academic records and then
days later someone called trump's high
school and demanded they find
and bury trump's transcript so
i would bet trump's grades were so bad
he couldn't even get into trump
university
but there's really only one way to find
out so joining us now
is the superintendent of the new york
military academy where young donald
trump went to school
please welcome dr ned stewart hello
doctor
hello dr stewart dr stewart are we on tv
uh yes we are on tv dr stewart where are
you i'm
i'm right just look yes there i am
that's me how you doing
oh oh fine fine thanks for asking so
listen i'll get right to it i wanted to
know did donald trump call you to ask to
have his grades buried
of course not jimmy donny would never do
that
okay so all right well i guess that's uh
a uh
a feisty jewish fella did it oh
oh oh you mean michael cohen
aren't they all named cohen i can't i
love those people
they do my taxes okay all right anyway
this cohen character calls and said
would you mind making those transcripts
go away
oh wow yes and then he offered us a
check for
a hundred and thirty thousand dollars
very generous yeah well what did you say
well i'm not going to comment on that
jimmy but let's just say i had a
delicious plate of bacon and eggs this
morning
in the donald j trumpeteria okay
well with all due respect it kind of
sounds like he paid paid the school to
hide his grades it sounds like you were
paid off
that's fake news what are you cnn
kidding i'm kidding yeah i'd love to see
those grades i really would
ah all right i've got those grades right
here oh great
well may we see them yes yo
terrific oh this is excellent ah let's
see here i will read them
yes please do it says here that in the
fourth grade
in math donald trump got the fourth
highest grade
in the class really in math he got the
fourth highest grade
fourth best grade after a b and c
oh he got a d i see got a d
as in not dumb i see okay what where's
some of the other grades do you have any
of the other
classes there yes well spelling and
grammar
d-minus all right who doesn't get that
didn't do one didn't do too caliente in
spanish oh
all right geography he got a g
a g oh look an
a plus in history in history oh i did
not know he was a history buff
yes yes he got an a plus in the history
of women's swimwear
oh we should offer that course again
yeah yeah do you have his sat scores or
those
yeah i'm glad you met yes yes because
everyone is curious about those i'd love
to see that
oh interesting okay so this is a top
secret file you have here
yes what is his sat score
well look at that he got a 1600
1600 that's a perfect score i find that
hard to believe can you hold that up
again
yeah oh wait no looks like he got a 16
and drew two boobs next year yeah that
is what it looks like
well you did a great job with them yeah
well thank you
i think i know that woman
[Laughter]
well thank you for your time we really
appreciate it
it's been fun being on the show anytime
i'm always here all right that's dr ned
stewart
[Applause]
hi i'm jimmy kimmel click below to
subscribe to our youtube channel or if
you want to be that way about it don't